fix: reimplement Tray with StatusIconLinuxDbus on Linux (#36333)
electron/electron: docs/api/tray.md

__Platform Considerations__

__Linux__

> * Tray icon requires support of [StatusNotifierItem](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Specifications/StatusNotifierItem/)
>   in user's desktop environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The user's desktop environment must support [StatusNotifierItem](https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Specifications/StatusNotifierItem/)
  in order to display a tray icon.
```

> * The `click` event is emitted when the tray icon receives activation from
>   user, however the StatusNotifierItem spec does not specify which action would
>   cause an activation, for some environments it is left mouse click, but for
>   some it might be double left mouse click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `click` event is emitted when the tray icon receives activation from the
  user. However, the StatusNotifierItem spec does not specify which interactions
  cause an activation. For some environments, a left mouse click causes an
  activation, but for others it might be double left mouse click, or some other
  interaction.
```

Emitted when the tray icon is clicked.

> Note that on Linux this event is emitted when the tray icon receives an
> activation, which might not necessarily be left mouse click.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that on Linux this event is emitted when the tray icon receives an
activation, which might not necessarily be a left mouse click.
```
